1.  Name 3 JavaScript Array/Object Methods that do not produce side-effects? Which method do we use to create a new object while extending the properties of another object?

Three methods that do not produce side-effect: .map, .concat, and .filter. We can use Object.assign, the spread operator, and .concat to create a new objects while extending properties of another.

2.  Describe `actions`, `reducers` and the `store` and their role in Redux. What does each piece do? Why is the store known as a 'single source of truth' in a redux application?

Store: keeps track of all the state in the application as a giant javascript object. Store centralizes all the data so that different pieces aren’t found in different parts as with react.

Actions: all the possible actions a user can perform while interacting with the web application on the view. Actions are JS objects that store the action type and the data generated by the user when the action was performed. React components dispatch actions during user interaction by calling the dispatch and  action creator functions.

Reducers: are functions that receive the action and the previous state and executes logic that tells store how to respond to action (or update). Reducers live inside the store, which gives them better access to the state. The store updates its internal state and a copy of state then gets sent back to the view, which decides which parts of the virtual DOM need to be updated based on the newly received state.  

3.  What is the difference between Application state and Component state? When would be a good time to use one over the other?

Application state is state used by the entire web application and is global. Component state is local and holds data that is used specifically by that component, which is good to use for holding empty strings for input fields.

4.  What is middleware?

Middleware is a Redux extension that allows us to add functionality to our programs by intercepting certain processes. Middleware can stops actions, forward an action untouched, dispatch a different action, and dispatch multiple actions.



5.  Describe `redux-thunk`, what does it allow us to do? How does it change our `action-creators`?

Redux Thunk is a middleware  that provides the ability to handle asynchronous operations inside our Action Creators before flowing through the reducer;  we use Redux Thunk to make the flow between the Redux action and reducer asynchronous so we can make API calls (or other async functions) from our action creators.

6.  Which `react-redux` method links up our `components` with our `redux store`?

The connection function links our components to our redux store.
